Alright, so you've reached the end of a
new content. Refer to the video at the
start of the course called
Course Remaster in progress,
if you're unsure what I'm talking about here.
So we're releasing, just as a recap,
an entire section of the new content that we're
remastering, at a time, rather than doing
it a video at a time.
So the Work in Progress for a section
can be checked out here in this section,
and you've obviously reached the latest,
or the last video, telling you that's
where we're up to at the moment.
So once I complete this section, we then move it
into the main course area,
and that's when it replaces the older content.
But this is, sort of, like an early access
or work in progress section, that you can
refer to. Keep in mind also, just as a recap,
and I did mention this in the video
at the top, that the older content,
the current content in the course
that hasn't yet been updated,
that's still a hundred percent relevant and can be used,
and should be used, until such time
as we get to re rendering all this course.
So I'm just basically, what we're doing here is
we're raising the stakes and making the course better,
with new stuff and new recording.
So my advice here is don't actually
wait for new sections to be done.
Just go for it now and when
you get to the stage of seeing that a
new section has been replaced, or the
section has been replaced with the new content,
sure you can go back and watch
it then. But while you're waiting,
go through the course as it is. Alright I'm
waffling, so I'm going to stop here now.
We'll see you in another video.